docs: add missing changelog and fix stage_raise_hand grammar (#1924)
Pycord-Development/pycord: docs/api/enums.rst

    .. attribute:: stage_raise_hand

>         The system message denoting that a stage event has someone raising their hand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The system message denoting that someone in a stage event is raising their hand.
```
Maybe like that?
